test/README.md, before:

# Test Case Document

---

## Hardware and simulator requirment

I recommend that you implement these SFRs' function in your hardware design and simulator so that you can easily check that the test results are correct.

|address| register|function|
|:-: | :-:   |:-:|
|0xFB| DUMP | [dump](##dump)|
|0xFC| EXR   |[exit](##exit)|
|0xFD| PAR0  |[assertion](##assertion)|
|0xFE| PAR1  |[assertion](##assertion)|
|0xFF| AFUNC |[assertion](##assertion)|

### assertion

Assert function using 3 registers named `AFUNC` , `PAR1` , `PAR0` . `PAR0` and `PAR1` store the number you want to compare, AFUNC control comparison mode:

|value   | 0   | 1     |2       | 3     |
|:-:     |:-:  |:-:    |:-:     |:-:    |
|function| None|p0 > p1|p0 == p1|p0 < p1|

Assertions are the basic requirement for testing. It is used to check whether the results of certain instructions are correct. In the emulator, you can use assertions to verify that your . A51 is working as expected, making sure there are no human mistake in the . A51 file, so an assertion failure in the hardware design will tell you that there must be an error in hardware level.

### exit

When you write a value greater than zero to `EXR` , it tells the simulator/hardware design tool that the program has exited.

Some simulators check if the program exits based on the length of data loaded in ROM. However, I still recommend that you implement this feature.

### dump

When you write an `DUMP` value greater than zero, it tells the simulator / hardware design tool to dump the value of IRAM and the value of the register to a file.

The registers you want to dump, the IRAM range you want to dump, and the file format are determined by your design. 

The ultimate goal is that you can determine whether the hardware design is correct by comparing the contents of the simulator dump results and the hardware design tool dump results.
<!-- # Common testing process

1. write a 

When compare result not at expect, you'd better to check the soft

# Create new test -->

## Manual test instructions

We first implement the following two instructions:
   - MOV direct, #immed
   - MOV direct, direct
  
 *Why?*

 Using first instruction we can move any immediate number to any address(include all SFR in RF).

  Using the second instruction, we can move  any data from one memory cell/register to another memory cell/register.

 When we implement these two isntructions and make sure they work properly, then we can using  hardware assertion to check other instrcutions' result. (memory cell equal to immediate, ne register equal to another register etc).

## Test table

|opcode|mnemonic|tested|
|:-|:-|:-|
|0x00|NOP     | |
|0x01| AJMP addr11  | |
|0x02| LJMP addr16  | |
|0x03| RR A   | |
|0x04| INC A   | |
|0x05| INC direct  | |
|0x06-0x07| INC @Ri | |
|0x08-0x0F| INC Rn  | |
|0x10| JBC bit, offset | |
|0x11| ACALL addr11  | |
|0x12| LCALL addr16  | |
|0x13| RRC A   | |
|0x14| DEC A   | |
|0x15| DEC direct  | |
|0x16-0x17| DEC @Ri | |
|0x18-0x1F| DEC Rn  | |
|0x20| JB bit, offset | |
|0x21| AJMP addr11  | |
|0x22| RET     | |
|0x23| RL A   | |
|0x24| ADD A, #immed   | |
|0x25| ADD A, direct   | |
|0x26-0x27| ADD A, @Ri  | |
|0x28-0x2F| ADD A, Rn   | |
|0x30| JNB bit, offset | |
|0x31| ACALL addr11  | |
|0x32| RETI     | |
|0x33| RLC A   | |
|0x34| ADDC A, #immed   | |
|0x35| ADDC A, direct   | |
|0x36-0x37| ADDC A, @Ri  | |
|0x38-0x3F| ADDC A, Rn   | |
|0x40| JC offset  | |
|0x41| AJMP addr11  | |
|0x42| ORL direct, A   | |
|0x43| ORL direct, #immed  | |
|0x44| ORL A, #immed   | |
|0x45| ORL A, direct   | |
|0x46-0x47| ORL A, @Ri  | |
|0x48-0x4F| ORL A, Rn   | |
|0x50| JNC offset  | |
|0x51| ACALL addr11  | |
|0x52| ANL direct, A   | |
|0x53| ANL direct, #immed  | |
|0x54| ANL A, #immed   | |
|0x55| ANL A, direct   | |
|0x56-0x57| ANL A, @Ri  | |
|0x58-0x5F| ANL A, Rn   | |
|0x60| JZ offset  | |
|0x61| AJMP addr11  | |
|0x62| XRL direct, A   | |
|0x63| XRL direct, #immed  | |
|0x64| XRL A, #immed   | |
|0x65| XRL A, direct   | |
|0x66-0x67| XRL A, @Ri  | |
|0x68-0x6F| XRL A, R0   | |
|0x70| JNZ offset  | |
|0x71| ACALL addr11  | |
|0x72| ORL C, bit  | |
|0x73| JMP @A+DPTR | |
|0x74| MOV A, #immed   | |
|0x75| MOV direct, #immed  |M|
|0x76-0x77| MOV @Ri, #immed | |
|0x78-0x7F| MOV Rn, #immed  | |
|0x80| SJMP offset  | |
|0x81| AJMP addr11  | |
|0x82| ANL C, bit  | |
|0x83| MOVC A, @A+PC    | |
|0x84| DIV AB  | |
|0x85| MOV direct, direct  |M|
|0x86-0x87| MOV direct, @Ri | |
|0x88-0x8F| MOV direct, Rn  | |
|0x90| MOV DPTR, #immed    | |
|0x91| ACALL addr11  | |
|0x92| MOV bit, C  | |
|0x93| MOVC A, @A+DPTR  | |
|0x94| SUBB A, #immed   | |
|0x95| SUBB A, direct   | |
|0x96-0x97| SUBB A, @Ri  | |
|0x98-0x9F| SUBB A, Rn   | |
|0xA0| ORL C, /bit | |
|0xA1| AJMP addr11  | |
|0xA2| MOV C, bit  | |
|0xA3| INC DPTR    | |
|0xA4| MUL AB  | |
|0xA5|     | |
|0xA6-0xA7| MOV @Ri, direct | |
|0xA8-0xAF| MOV Rn, direct  | |
|0xB0| ANL C, /bit | |
|0xB1| ACALL addr11  | |
|0xB2| CPL bit | |
|0xB3| CPL C   | |
|0xB4| CJNE A, #immed, offset   | |
|0xB5| CJNE A, direct, offset   | |
|0xB6-0xB7| CJNE @Ri, #immed, offset | |
|0xB8-0xBF| CJNE Rn, #immed, offset  | |
|0xC0| PUSH direct  | |
|0xC1| AJMP addr11  | |
|0xC2| CLR bit | |
|0xC3| CLR C   | |
|0xC4| SWAP A   | |
|0xC5| XCH A, direct   | |
|0xC6-0xC7| XCH A, @Ri  | |
|0xC8-0xCF| XCH A, Rn   | |
|0xD0| POP direct  | |
|0xD1| ACALL addr11  | |
|0xD2| SETB bit | |
|0xD3| SETB C   | |
|0xD4| DA A   | |
|0xD5| DJNZ direct, offset  | |
|0xD6-0xD7| XCHD A, @Ri  | |
|0xD8-0xDF| DJNZ Rn, offset  | |
|0xE0| MOVX A, @DPTR    | |
|0xE1| AJMP addr11  | |
|0xE2| MOVX A, @R0  | |
|0xE3| MOVX A, @R1  | |
|0xE4| CLR A   | |
|0xE5| MOV A, direct   | |
|0xE6-0xE7| MOV A, @Ri  | |
|0xE8-0xEF| MOV A, Rn   | |
|0xF0| MOVX @DPTR, A    | |
|0xF1| ACALL addr11  | |
|0xF2-0xF3| MOVX @Ri, A  | |
|0xF4| CPL A   | |
|0xF5| MOV direct, A   | |
|0xF6-0xF7| MOV @Ri, A  | |
|0xF8-0xFF| MOV Rn, A   | |

<!-- ## test code generate script
### create new script
###  -->

Commit message:

doc: add test case description

test/README.md, after:

# Test Case Document

---

## Hardware and simulator requirment

I recommend that you implement these SFRs' function in your hardware design and simulator so that you can easily check that the test results are correct.

|address| register|function|
|:-: | :-:   |:-:|
|0xFB| DUMP | [dump](##dump)|
|0xFC| EXR   |[exit](##exit)|
|0xFD| PAR0  |[assertion](##assertion)|
|0xFE| PAR1  |[assertion](##assertion)|
|0xFF| AFUNC |[assertion](##assertion)|

### assertion

Assert function using 3 registers named `AFUNC` , `PAR1` , `PAR0` . `PAR0` and `PAR1` store the number you want to compare, AFUNC control comparison mode:

|value   | 0   | 1     |2       | 3     |
|:-:     |:-:  |:-:    |:-:     |:-:    |
|function| None|p0 > p1|p0 == p1|p0 < p1|

Assertions are the basic requirement for testing. It is used to check whether the results of certain instructions are correct. In the emulator, you can use assertions to verify that your . A51 is working as expected, making sure there are no human mistake in the . A51 file, so an assertion failure in the hardware design will tell you that there must be an error in hardware level.

### exit

When you write a value greater than zero to `EXR` , it tells the simulator/hardware design tool that the program has exited.

Some simulators check if the program exits based on the length of data loaded in ROM. However, I still recommend that you implement this feature.

### dump

When you write an `DUMP` value greater than zero, it tells the simulator / hardware design tool to dump the value of IRAM and the value of the register to a file.

The registers you want to dump, the IRAM range you want to dump, and the file format are determined by your design. 

The ultimate goal is that you can determine whether the hardware design is correct by comparing the contents of the simulator dump results and the hardware design tool dump results.


## Manual test instructions

We first implement the following two instructions:
   - MOV direct, #immed
   - MOV direct, direct
  
 *Why?*

 Using first instruction we can move any immediate number to any address(include all SFR in RF).

  Using the second instruction, we can move  any data from one memory cell/register to another memory cell/register.

 When we implement these two isntructions and make sure they work properly, then we can using  hardware assertion to check other instrcutions' result. (memory cell equal to immediate, ne register equal to another register etc).

## Test table

|opcode|mnemonic|tested|
|:-|:-|:-|
|0x00|NOP     | |
|0x01| AJMP addr11  | |
|0x02| LJMP addr16  | |
|0x03| RR A   | |
|0x04| INC A   | |
|0x05| INC direct  | |
|0x06-0x07| INC @Ri | |
|0x08-0x0F| INC Rn  | |
|0x10| JBC bit, offset | |
|0x11| ACALL addr11  | |
|0x12| LCALL addr16  | |
|0x13| RRC A   | |
|0x14| DEC A   | |
|0x15| DEC direct  | |
|0x16-0x17| DEC @Ri | |
|0x18-0x1F| DEC Rn  | |
|0x20| JB bit, offset | |
|0x21| AJMP addr11  | |
|0x22| RET     | |
|0x23| RL A   | |
|0x24| ADD A, #immed   | |
|0x25| ADD A, direct   | |
|0x26-0x27| ADD A, @Ri  | |
|0x28-0x2F| ADD A, Rn   | |
|0x30| JNB bit, offset | |
|0x31| ACALL addr11  | |
|0x32| RETI     | |
|0x33| RLC A   | |
|0x34| ADDC A, #immed   | |
|0x35| ADDC A, direct   | |
|0x36-0x37| ADDC A, @Ri  | |
|0x38-0x3F| ADDC A, Rn   | |
|0x40| JC offset  | |
|0x41| AJMP addr11  | |
|0x42| ORL direct, A   | |
|0x43| ORL direct, #immed  | |
|0x44| ORL A, #immed   | |
|0x45| ORL A, direct   | |
|0x46-0x47| ORL A, @Ri  | |
|0x48-0x4F| ORL A, Rn   | |
|0x50| JNC offset  | |
|0x51| ACALL addr11  | |
|0x52| ANL direct, A   | |
|0x53| ANL direct, #immed  | |
|0x54| ANL A, #immed   | |
|0x55| ANL A, direct   | |
|0x56-0x57| ANL A, @Ri  | |
|0x58-0x5F| ANL A, Rn   | |
|0x60| JZ offset  | |
|0x61| AJMP addr11  | |
|0x62| XRL direct, A   | |
|0x63| XRL direct, #immed  | |
|0x64| XRL A, #immed   | |
|0x65| XRL A, direct   | |
|0x66-0x67| XRL A, @Ri  | |
|0x68-0x6F| XRL A, R0   | |
|0x70| JNZ offset  | |
|0x71| ACALL addr11  | |
|0x72| ORL C, bit  | |
|0x73| JMP @A+DPTR | |
|0x74| MOV A, #immed   | |
|0x75| MOV direct, #immed  |M|
|0x76-0x77| MOV @Ri, #immed | |
|0x78-0x7F| MOV Rn, #immed  | |
|0x80| SJMP offset  | |
|0x81| AJMP addr11  | |
|0x82| ANL C, bit  | |
|0x83| MOVC A, @A+PC    | |
|0x84| DIV AB  | |
|0x85| MOV direct, direct  |M|
|0x86-0x87| MOV direct, @Ri | |
|0x88-0x8F| MOV direct, Rn  | |
|0x90| MOV DPTR, #immed    | |
|0x91| ACALL addr11  | |
|0x92| MOV bit, C  | |
|0x93| MOVC A, @A+DPTR  | |
|0x94| SUBB A, #immed   | |
|0x95| SUBB A, direct   | |
|0x96-0x97| SUBB A, @Ri  | |
|0x98-0x9F| SUBB A, Rn   | |
|0xA0| ORL C, /bit | |
|0xA1| AJMP addr11  | |
|0xA2| MOV C, bit  | |
|0xA3| INC DPTR    | |
|0xA4| MUL AB  | |
|0xA5|     | |
|0xA6-0xA7| MOV @Ri, direct | |
|0xA8-0xAF| MOV Rn, direct  | |
|0xB0| ANL C, /bit | |
|0xB1| ACALL addr11  | |
|0xB2| CPL bit | |
|0xB3| CPL C   | |
|0xB4| CJNE A, #immed, offset   | |
|0xB5| CJNE A, direct, offset   | |
|0xB6-0xB7| CJNE @Ri, #immed, offset | |
|0xB8-0xBF| CJNE Rn, #immed, offset  | |
|0xC0| PUSH direct  | |
|0xC1| AJMP addr11  | |
|0xC2| CLR bit | |
|0xC3| CLR C   | |
|0xC4| SWAP A   | |
|0xC5| XCH A, direct   | |
|0xC6-0xC7| XCH A, @Ri  | |
|0xC8-0xCF| XCH A, Rn   | |
|0xD0| POP direct  | |
|0xD1| ACALL addr11  | |
|0xD2| SETB bit | |
|0xD3| SETB C   | |
|0xD4| DA A   | |
|0xD5| DJNZ direct, offset  | |
|0xD6-0xD7| XCHD A, @Ri  | |
|0xD8-0xDF| DJNZ Rn, offset  | |
|0xE0| MOVX A, @DPTR    | |
|0xE1| AJMP addr11  | |
|0xE2| MOVX A, @R0  | |
|0xE3| MOVX A, @R1  | |
|0xE4| CLR A   | |
|0xE5| MOV A, direct   | |
|0xE6-0xE7| MOV A, @Ri  | |
|0xE8-0xEF| MOV A, Rn   | |
|0xF0| MOVX @DPTR, A    | |
|0xF1| ACALL addr11  | |
|0xF2-0xF3| MOVX @Ri, A  | |
|0xF4| CPL A   | |
|0xF5| MOV direct, A   | |
|0xF6-0xF7| MOV @Ri, A  | |
|0xF8-0xFF| MOV Rn, A   | |

## The test case

 In fact, it is tedious to manually write a bunch of code to test edge conditions or normal conditions, So we will use the script to generate assembly code.

 You should follow the following rules so that the test case runner(TCR) can invoke the generate script and correctly execute the compilation and run verification process.

### create new test case

 In this section, I will explain how to write correct test case generate script.

 *directory and filename*

 the generate script should stored in '/test/generate' diectory, and it's shouldn't start with '__'(that meaing it's an util file).

 *command line arguments format*

 test case runner require the following format

 ``` bash
  (TODO: merge master to update code)
 ```

<!-- ### modify the TCR

In some case you might want to change the compile program or change the verify porcess, you might to change the code of the TCR.

*instructions simulator*

*hardware emulation* -->
